---
title: 4. What is the final deadline for participating jurisdictions to submit an
  SSBCI Capital Program disbursement request? [10/30/2025]
url: https://home.treasury.gov/node/983951
date: '2025-10-30'
author: lauren.mccurley2@treasury.gov
feed_url: https://home.treasury.gov/rss.xml
---
4. What is the final deadline for participating jurisdictions to submit an SSBCI Capital Program disbursement request? [10/30/2025] lauren.mccurle… Thu, 10/30/2025 - 12:03 FAQ Question 4. What is the final deadline for participating jurisdictions to submit an SSBCI Capital Program disbursement request? [10/30/2025] While the appropriation of funds for the SSBCI program does not expire until September 30, 2030, Treasury’s authorities to implement and administer the SSBCI Capital Program terminate by statute on March 11, 2028. Therefore, Treasury will be unable to transfer funds to participating jurisdictions under the SSBCI Capital Program after March 11, 2028. To enable appropriate processing by Treasury in accordance with program requirements, including FAQ #3 in Section III.b, participating jurisdictions must submit all final disbursement requests to Treasury by December 31, 2027. While Treasury will make reasonable efforts to process all pending disbursement requests prior to the expiration of its authority, disbursement requests submitted after December 31, 2027, are not expected to be processed. In addition, participating jurisdictions are encouraged to work with Treasury well in advance of qualifying for their next tranche (e.g., once they have deployed 50 percent of their current tranche), which will help expedite Treasury’s review of any disbursement request. Participating jurisdictions also are encouraged to respond to any compliance testing conducted by Treasury as described in FAQ #3 in Section III.b quickly, as delays in responses by the participating jurisdiction may foreclose Treasury’s ability to process a disbursement request even if it is submitted by December 31, 2027. If any compliance issues are not fully resolved by March 2028, Treasury may, in its sole discretion, withhold an offsetting amount from a disbursement that is made by March 11, 2028, to provide the participating jurisdiction with partial funds before Treasury’s authority terminates.
